c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYPExperiments\CircleDetection\bin\Debug\CircleDetection.exe.config
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYPExperiments\CircleDetection\bin\Debug\CircleDetection.exe
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYPExperiments\CircleDetection\bin\Debug\CircleDetection.pdb
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYPExperiments\CircleDetection\obj\Debug\CircleDetection.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYPExperiments\CircleDetection\obj\Debug\CircleDetection.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYPExperiments\CircleDetection\obj\Debug\CircleDetection.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYPExperiments\CircleDetection\obj\Debug\CircleDetection.exe
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYPExperiments\CircleDetection\obj\Debug\CircleDetection.pdb
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYPExperiments\CircleDetection\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYPExperiments\CircleDetection\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYPExperiments\CircleDetection\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYPExperiments\CircleDetection\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYPExperiments\CircleDetection\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYPExperiments\CircleDetection\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.DebuggerVisualizers.VS2015.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYPExperiments\CircleDetection\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.GL.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYPExperiments\CircleDetection\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.DebuggerVisualizers.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYPExperiments\CircleDetection\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.GL.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYPExperiments\CircleDetection\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.DebuggerVisualizers.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYPExperiments\CircleDetection\bin\Debug\CircleDetection.exe.manifest
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYPExperiments\CircleDetection\bin\Debug\CircleDetection.application
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYPExperiments\CircleDetection\obj\Debug\CircleDetection.TrustInfo.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYPExperiments\CircleDetection\obj\Debug\CircleDetection.exe.manifest
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYPExperiments\CircleDetection\obj\Debug\CircleDetection.application
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FYPExperiments\CircleDetection\obj\Debug\CircleDetection.tlpContent.resources
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\CircleDetection\bin\Debug\CircleDetection.exe.config
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\CircleDetection\obj\Debug\CircleDetection.exe
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\CircleDetection\obj\Debug\CircleDetection.pdb
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\CircleDetection\bin\Debug\CircleDetection.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\CircleDetection\bin\Debug\CircleDetection.application
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\CircleDetection\bin\Debug\CircleDetection.exe
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\CircleDetection\bin\Debug\CircleDetection.pdb
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\CircleDetection\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.DebuggerVisualizers.VS2015.dll
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\CircleDetection\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.dll
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\CircleDetection\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.GL.dll
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\CircleDetection\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.dll
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\CircleDetection\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.DebuggerVisualizers.dll
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\CircleDetection\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\CircleDetection\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.xml
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\CircleDetection\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.GL.xml
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\CircleDetection\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.xml
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\CircleDetection\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.DebuggerVisualizers.xml
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\CircleDetection\obj\Debug\CircleDetection.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\CircleDetection\obj\Debug\CircleDetection.tlpContent.resources
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\CircleDetection\obj\Debug\CircleDetection.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\CircleDetection\obj\Debug\CircleDetection.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\CircleDetection\obj\Debug\CircleDetection.TrustInfo.xml
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\CircleDetection\obj\Debug\CircleDetection.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\CircleDetection\obj\Debug\CircleDetection.application
