c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\FaceDetection\obj\Debug\BallDetection.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\FaceDetection\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.DebuggerVisualizers.VS2015.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\FaceDetection\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\FaceDetection\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.GL.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\FaceDetection\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\FaceDetection\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.DebuggerVisualizers.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\FaceDetection\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\FaceDetection\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\FaceDetection\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.GL.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\FaceDetection\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\FaceDetection\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.DebuggerVisualizers.xml
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\FaceDetection\obj\Debug\BallDetection.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\FaceDetection\obj\Debug\CricleDetection.CricleDetection.resources
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\FaceDetection\bin\Debug\BallDetection.exe.config
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\FaceDetection\bin\Debug\BallDetection.exe
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\FaceDetection\bin\Debug\BallDetection.pdb
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\FaceDetection\obj\Debug\BallDetection.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\FaceDetection\obj\Debug\BallDetection.exe
C:\Users\Martin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\FaceDetection\obj\Debug\BallDetection.pdb
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FaceDetection\bin\Debug\BallDetection.exe.config
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FaceDetection\obj\Debug\BallDetection.exe
C:\Users\Martin\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\FinalYearProject\FaceDetection\obj\Debug\BallDetection.pdb
